In the health care industry, walk-in clinics refer to any healthcare provider that provides care without making an appointment. Walk-in clinics were initially designed to offer a healthcare option to those without
insurance, providing walk-in care for essential medical services at a fraction of cost and the wait time of an Emergency Room (ER). As the population of Canada is on the rise, it is challenging to maintain
walk-in clinics as low-cost and wait-free services due to frequent visits by Canadians for low-risk medical services such as immunization shots, minor injuries, and prescription renewal. The need for online 
automated appointment scheduling and visitor logs to predict trends using Big Data techniques that improves and maintains essential services is on the rise. Our team is hired to develop a healthcare management 
system called Walk-In Clinic System to assist patients in scheduling appointments before their visit. It will also help the clinic staff review their services by reviewing monthly statistical graphs and data 
trends generated by the system.

This project will assist clients to see a healthcare provider at an appointed time selected by the client without the hassle of wait time and has access to more flexible hours as walk-in clinics are often open 
evenings and weekends. Also, the client visit data log is stored in our system for an extended period, which can be accessed quickly by both patient and healthcare provider; in turn, both parties will avoid a lot
of paper keeping like in the traditional method. Moreover, our system will assist the clinic by automating time-scheduling and effectively coordinating the work's peak time to achieve higher customer satisfaction.
